As a NeuroLibre reviewer, you are responsible for the technical quality of the resources available for the community. Currently, Neurolibre welcome submissions along two tracks of neuroscience-related material: (1) tutorials, (2) paper companions. If you have been invited for review, it means that an Editor has already established that the submission qualifies in principles, and an administrator has been able to make the resource available for the neurolibre binder. But it doses not mean the resource is ready for final publication, and takes full advantage of the notebook format. The editor will invite you to the repository hosting the file of the submission. We encourage you to open as many issues as necessary to reach high quality for the submission. Specific criteria are listed below. Please assign the issues to the lead author of the submission, who will submit a pull request. Review the pull request and merge it if you think it is appropriate. You can also submit a pull request yourself and ask the author to approve the changes. 

# Tutorials

An example of high quality resource would be the scikit-learn tutorials, for example this one on [cross-validation](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/cross_validation.html). The text is clear, easy to read. The code snipet are short and readable. The figures help undesrstand the flow of the notebook. 

# Paper companions
For **article notebooks**, an example of high quality resource, we recommend this distill.pub article on the [building blocks of interpretability](https://distill.pub/2018/building-blocks/). Each section of the paper come with an accompanying notebook (hosted on google collab). The notebooks have text explaining each bits of code 

Submissions undergo a technical review. As a 

The NeuroLibre team checks that the notebooks fit one of the two tracks above, run correctly, and that the text and code are readable. We also check how much compute time and data storage are required. NeuroLibre commits to provide computational resources for free, yet this investment must benefit substantially the Open NeuroScience community. The Neurolibre team reserves the right of rejecting a submission if the content of the notebook is judged to fall outside Neuroscience, requires excessive resources for the proposed scope of work, or if the code or text is of unsufficient quality. Note that NeuroLibre purely reviews the technical aspects of the notebooks, and not the scientific content. As such, a NeuroLibre review complements, rather than replaces, the reviews offered by traditional scientific journals.
